Added docs on writing changelogs (#67)
iver-wharf/iver-wharf.github.io: docs/development/changelogs/changelog-conventions.md

# Changelog conventions

> This is a non-extensive list of common changelog note formats used throughout
> the repositories 'til this date.

Author: ```suggestion
This is a non-exhaustive list of common changelog note formats used throughout
the repositories up until now.
```
